the prerequisites for this nano degree
program are that you should be an
intermediate level software programmer
in any language as long as you know
concepts like variables conditionals
loops and functions you're ready to
learn C++ we also expect that you know
how to execute programs ideally from the
terminal and that you're familiar with
software debugging it will be helpful if
you're familiar with concepts like
classes in object-oriented programming
but that's not required if you feel like
you need to learn a little bit more
about software programming before
proceeding on with this nano degree
then I suggest either Udacity' intro
to programming nano degree program or
our intro to self-driving cars in Hana
degree program our intro to programming
nano degree program will teach you the
basics of software engineering and our
intro to self-driving cars nano degree
program will teach you the basics of
software engineering C++ specifically
along with topics like machine learning
physics and mathematics